---
date created: Thursday, November 14th 2024, 10:17:02 pm
date modified: Monday, June 2nd 2025, 4:14:58 pm
---

# Strive Video Script
- We want you to tell us about yourself and your hopes/plans for the future. The three questions we want you to address in your video are:
	1. Why are you interested in applying for the STRIVE Initiative?
I am interested in applying for the STRIVE initiative to extend myself further in the professional environment. Adding more extra curricular activities which will continue to extend my knowledge of a variety of subjects and while at STIVE I hope meet professionals in their fields of expertise. Strive allows me to continue taking on more responsibilities and learn from qualified academics in those fields which I may join one day. I'm also interested in applying to get access to the micro credential courses and for the excursions to small businesses. This is to see how a small business continues to run and thrive while also meeting business owners to learn about starting and managing a business. The micro credential courses are also exciting to me so I can get a taste of what a real course might be like in the future.
	2. What do you hope/expect to learn from it?
While doing the STRIVE program one of my main goals is to learn what the day-to-day responsibilities are like in different industries. This will help me make more informed decisions as I look at potential career options. I'm especially excited about getting a closer look at industries that I may not have previously considered but could find appealing as I learn more about them. The micro-credential courses are another aspect that excites me. I'm eager to dive deep into a specific area of interest and gain proficiency in it. These credentials will not only boost my resume, but they'll also help me build a strong foundation in subjects I'm passionate about. I believe that completing these courses will give me a competitive edge when I start applying for internships or jobs in the future.. Excursions to local businesses and universities will help me see how people and things operate in different settings. I also hope to learn more about small businesses and during excursions figure out how the begin and continue to thrive, potentially learning from the business owners.
	3. How might it assist you in achieving your goals beyond school?
STRIVE can help me achieve goals I have outside of school by extending the broadness of my knowledge and meeting more people. Hopefully throughout the SRTIVE course I will be able to further pinpoint what I want my future to include and where I want to be once I begin a longer career. By gaining real-world experience, certifications, and a broader professional network I will be better prepared to make decisions about my future careers. STRIVE will help me identify my strengths and interests, and refine my skills to align with my goals beyond education. The professional connections I make through the program could open doors to internships, mentorships, or even job opportunities in the future.